PROFILE

Experienced Certified Emergency Nurse (CEN) with dedicated hospital nursing experience in ER and trauma units. Consistently commended for delivering patient-centered, quality critical care.
Member of multidisciplinary healthcare teams known for excellent clinical skills; ability to remain calm under pressure; and strengths in making swift, correct decisions in emergency situations.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC MEDICAL CENTER (657-bed hospital with an award-winning trauma center), Sometown, CA
RN, Emergency/Trauma, 2015 to Present
Provide nursing care within Level 1 trauma center of this prestigious urban hospital. Handle medical emergencies resulting from events such as strokes, cardiac arrest, car accidents, stabbings, head injuries, poison ingestion, drug overdoses, sexual assault and burns. Assess and stabilize patients with expedience and accuracy. Outcomes:

Displayed expert clinical skills in managing the critical care of all categories of Emergency Department patients.
Reacted effectively in emergency scenarios, demonstrating sound decision-making that helped save patient lives.
Supervised LPNs and CNAs and served as a preceptor/mentor to first-year nursing students.
Selected to represent Trauma Center on hospital committees including Medication Safety Committee, Nurse Recruitment Committee and JCAHO Readiness Taskforce.
Contributed to strategic plans and initiatives to advance standards of care excellence, improve patient outcomes and drive continuous improvement.
DEF MEDICAL CENTER (200-bed hospital), Sometown, CA
RN, Emergency Department, 2010 to 2015
Served as a member of interdisciplinary healthcare teams in providing critical care and performing life-saving interventions. Closely monitored ER patients; alerted physicians/charge nurses to changes in patient status; and interacted with patients and family members often suffering from pain, stress, shock or grief. Outcomes:

Efficiently and knowledgeably provided RN care for all ER patients. Handled intubations, defibrillations, autotransfusions, IV starts, A-line setups, splinting, suturing and more.
Leveraged interpersonal communication strengths to establish rapport and build trust with patients and families.
EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

ABC University, Sometown, CA
Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN)

Registered Nurse (RN), California
Certified Emergency Nurse (CEN)

ADDITIONAL CERTIFICATIONS & AFFILIATIONS

Current ACLS (Advanced Cardiac Life Support), PALS (Pediatric Advanced Life Support), BLS (Basic Life Support), SANE (Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner) and CPR (Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation) certifications
Active member of American Nurses Association and Emergency Nurses Association
