Experienced Security Guard

Law enforcement professional whose background includes experience as a security guard for large events and venues as well as decorated service as a U.S. Army police officer. Earned awards for professionalism, integrity and “heroic acts” protecting people, property and assets.

Skills:

Corporate & Retail Security
Event Security & Crowd Control
Loss Prevention & Mitigation
Shrink Reduction
Customer Relations
Facility & Asset Protection
Firearms Handling & Safety
Defensive Tactics
Counter-Terrorism Measures
HAZMAT Handling
VIP/Personal Protection
Criminal Investigations
Undercover Surveillance
CCTV Systems
Workplace Safety
Corporate Experience

ABC COMPANY (Sometown, NJ)
Security Guard, 2015 to Present

Retained by nationwide security services firm to serve on security guard details for high-profile clients and events (e.g., pro sports games, tournaments and concerts).

Uncovered internal theft ring at manufacturing company that halted weekly losses of $5K+. Advised client of suspicions and instituted vehicle inspections of warehouse personnel.
Honored with “Hero Award” by F500 retailer for strengthening the security of receiving operations. Identified truck seal tampering and discrepancies on inventory/SKU records, leading to the arrest of criminal offenders responsible for $100K+ in stolen merchandise.
Commended by supervisors and retail clients for contributions to effective loss Served on uniformed security and undercover surveillance teams delivering shrink reductions of up to 25% by deterring theft, apprehending shoplifters and recovering stolen goods.
Demonstrated calm under pressure and quick decision-making in responding to emergency scenarios and crisis situations. Examples include leading the incident-free apprehension of armed terrorism suspects at an NFL game and performing CPR that revived a store customer suffering from a heart attack while waiting for paramedics to arrive.
Military Service

U.S. ARMY (5-year tour of duty)
Military Police (MP) Officer / U.S. Embassy (South Korea) Security Guard, 2010 to 2015

Participated in criminal investigations and provided security details for U.S. dignitaries. Contributed to safety, asset protection, loss prevention and law enforcement efforts. Honored with numerous medals, awards and commendations (list on request). Honorably discharged.

Education & Certifications

MP Training:



Graduated with distinction (Top 5%) from U.S. Army Military Police School (USAMPS)

Certifications:

First Aid & CPR Certified n Licensed to carry a concealed weapon
Certified in Firearms Safety, HAZMAT Handling & Taser Usage
