Skilled waitress with diverse F&B experience and a passion for the server profession. Proficient in sequence-of-service best practices; quickly memorize menus, daily specials and restaurant schematics; and efficiently manage assigned tables within busy settings.

Personable, energetic and driven to exceed expectations—recognized by supervisors, co-workers and customers for strengths as a…

Provider of attentive service
Cultivator of repeat business
Anticipator of guest needs
Top-ranked pro in F&B upselling
“Multitasking machine” with a strong work ethic
Master in winning over difficult guests
Dependable professional—on time for all shifts
Team player—fill in wherever help is needed
Experience

ABC RESTAURANT  |  Sometown, IL  — Casual dining Italian restaurant chain

Waitress, 2016-Present

DEF RESTAURANT  |  Sometown, IL — Fine-dining steakhouse chain

Waitress | Hostess, 2014-2016

GHI CASINO  |  Sometown, IL — Vegas-style riverboat casino

Cocktail Waitress, 2010-2014

JKL THEATRE  |  Sometown, IL — Year-round dinner theatre

Waitress, 2007-2010

Excelled as a server in a variety of fine-dining, casual-dining and entertainment venues. Earned top marks on performance reviews for service excellence; team player mentality; and proactive approach to improving processes, increasing revenues and resolving customer issues with expedience.

Accomplishments

Displayed advanced customer service competencies in every position held¾ensured all guests received prompt and attentive service.
Thrived within high-volume environments, serving up to 275 guests per shift.
Routinely ranked in the top 3 amongst all wait staff at multiple venues for the highest ticket averages.
Upsold customers effectively (e.g., premium bar brands, appetizers and desserts) and optimized table-turns; outperformed wait staff average sales by up to 15%.
Earned a reputation as an expert in handling difficult and hard-to-please guests. On numerous occasions, turned unhappy guests into raving fans.
Ranked as the #1 pooled tip earner at GHI for 3 years in a row.
Repeatedly praised by kitchen and bar staff for clearly communicating guest orders, preferences and special requests to minimize confusion, send-backs and delays.
Received “Employee of the Month” awards and similar honors, as well as exemplary ratings on performance reviews year-over-year.
Education

ABC HIGH SCHOOL  |  Sometown, IL
High School Diploma | Honors graduate
