Logistics Profile

Accomplished in developing effective processes and directing complex logistics functions for multimillion-dollar projects.

Excel at coordinating tasks of numerous internal divisions and external agencies to ensure rapid, accurate delivery of equipment, materials, and resources. Advanced expertise in reviewing invoices and shipping manifests to ensure full compliance with local customs and international regulations. Track record of identifying redundancies and maximizing resources to streamline operations. Proficient in a variety of logistics and supply management software, both proprietary and commercial.

Areas of Expertise
Distribution Management
Quality Assurance
Inventory Control Processes
Standards / Procedures Compliance
Continuous Process Improvement
Vendor and Staff Relations
Transportation / Materials Handling
Training and Leadership
Professional Experience

United States Army (various locations) - 6/2003 – 6/2015

Logistics/Distribution Supervisor, 6/2011 – 6/2015

Directed eight-member team to develop the most efficient routing system for $47 million in supplies and equipment. Monitored all transportation operations, including quality controls, to ensure transportation services met contract obligations as well as local and national government regulatory requirements. Served as transportation liaison between various organizations and countries. Oversaw dispatching, routing, tracking, and shipping activities to ensure safe, prompt, and accurate delivery of transportation equipment. Trained and coached staff on new tracking procedures. Communicated operational needs to senior management.

Key Achievements:

Achieved 99.5% average delivery rate on all assignments with no loss of materials or assets.
Identified and corrected efficiency bottlenecks, which saved $1.2 million and resulted in faster, more accurate supply shipments.
Played an integral role in creating new automated method for property tracking procedures to increase accuracy and accountability.
Logistics Coordinator, 6/2007 – 6/2011

Collaborated with and supported Logistics Manager in overseeing up to $25 million in equipment and supplies shipped worldwide to support a wide range of projects. Assured proper authorization for all shipments; oversaw tracking and monitored cross-border transportation activities. Directly accountable for $11 million in property, equipment, and supplies. Optimized flow of supplies by developing and operating automated systems.

Key Achievements:

Key player on team that consistently exceeded stated objectives on all projects.
Led smaller teams in developing effective stocking and inventory-management systems to minimize loss and maximize performance.
Logistics Support, 6/2003 – 6/2007

Coordinated with staff regarding relocation and transportation arrangements. Prepared documentation and coordinated transport of resources and materials. Marked and labeled freight; documented, verified, and inventoried cargo; and prepared and submitted report documentation. Maintained accurate records and managed office correspondence.

Key Achievement:

Earned multiple awards for quality and dedication of performance in rapidly changing, fast-paced environment.
Education & Training

Business Administration Major, 2013 - Present

University of Maryland

Professional Development
Advanced Logistics Management
Distribution Operations
Leadership and Supervision
Advanced Inventory Management
Standards and Procedures Compliance
Diversity Training
