Marketing Communications Manager

Nationally award-winning marcom professional with proven success leading corporate marketing and internal communications for multimillion-dollar companies across diverse industries.
Leader of creative teams, multimedia divisions and corporate communications departments. Conceptualize, develop and execute marketing campaigns that build memorable brands.
Expert in the technical, conceptual and content development of sales-driving collateral. Produce record-high marketing campaign response rates and execute successful product launches.
Skills

Marketing Strategies & Campaigns
Corporate Communications
Creative Team Leadership
Product Positioning & Branding
Web & Print Content Development
Focus Group & Market Research
Development of Training Materials
Public & Media Relations
New Product Launch
Vendor Management
Recent Awards

Award of Excellence for Outstanding Advertising (ABC Co “Road Warrior” campaign)

Gold Award for Most Effective Campaign (ABC Co “Open Road” direct mail campaign)

Award of Excellence for Innovative Messaging (ABC Co “Automotive Drive” campaign)

President’s Award for Successful Product Rollout (ABC Co “Hit the High Road” campaign)

Professional Experience

ABC COmpany, Sometown, NY – Sells automotive supplies and parts

Marketing Communications Manager, 1/2012 to Present

Manage corporate marketing and communications functions, overseeing a $1.3M budget and 8-member team. Direct brand management, PR, media relations, corporate positioning, product launches, advertising, sales collateral and tradeshow marketing.

Accomplishments:

Developed and launched integrated, multi-channel print, catalog, web and direct marketing campaigns that propelled sales from $3.2M (2012) to a projected $15.5M by 2017 year-end.
Led market launch of 21 products. Identified opportunities, researched new product possibilities, collaborated with engineering team and created campaigns generating $4.6M in new annual sales.
Created web portal to transform previously archaic intranet into a dynamic portal improving communication flow and adding an effective sales tool for field reps.
Wrote catalogs, course guides and training brochures that enhanced the sales reps’ understanding of complex product features and helped them sell more effectively.
Performed ongoing customer/market research and demographic profiling to identify and capitalize on unmet market needs ahead of the curve.
Produced media kit that demonstrated key marketing analytics and demographics for use in sales presentations. Efforts were credited as instrumental in closing numerous high-level deals.
Leveraged strengths in cost-effective marketing management and vendor negotiations to end each year an average of 15% under-budget.
DEF Company, Sometown, NY – Full-service advertising, marketing and PR agency

Marketing Supervisor, 12/2009 to 12/2011

Developed marketing programs for business-to-business clients. Used an integrated approach to create balanced programs for clients to build their respective brands.

Accomplishments:

Expanded client base by 78% in two years by consistently delivering goal-surpassing marketing results and ensuring client satisfaction.
Closed new accounts as a member of business-development team, including a $1.5M win with Action Company and a $1.2M win with JFK Corp.
Earned commendations from client executives for communication deliverables that targeted desired audiences and articulated the value of products and services.
GHI Company, Sometown, NY – Leading advertising, direct marketing and communications agency

Creative Director, 1/2004 to 12/2009

Manager, Creative Services, 8/2002 to 1/2004

Copywriter, 6/2000 to 8/2002

Advanced through a series of promotions, culminating in oversight of group copy division and 6-member creative team. Created concept and copy for journal ads, direct mail campaigns and sales collateral for diverse clients and projects.

Accomplishments:

Served as primary copywriter on advertising campaigns for large accounts and new product launches.
Assumed a lead role in pitch team meetings, and helped close major accounts ($500K to $1M+ initial contracts).
Generated campaign response-rates of between 6% and 8% (up to 4 times the industry average).
Technology

Adobe Creative Cloud; MS Project; Crystal Reports; MS Office including OneNote, PowerPoint, SharePoint, and Excel; ColdFusion; Documentum; social media platforms; Google Analytics; SEO; Web Server Administration; Content Management Systems (CMS); public relations-focused tools such as PR Newswire, Cision and Hootsuite

Education

ABC University, Sometown, NY
Bachelor of Science
Major: Communications | Minor: English
